Baked Alaska absolute classic every
third of it but no one knows exactly
what's inside
basically layers of sponge ice cream and
then wrapped in meringue but a special
meringue Italian meringue sugar water
bring out the boil and cook it out for
three minutes egg whites
lemon that strengthens the egg one
for the sugar half of the sugar in Pauls
for ten seconds and the other half in
classic Italian meringue the beautiful
ginger sponge
shots
ra's prison
rasping the cure be quite jealous of
that ice cream
and then your second sponge push that
down now meringue into the bag
pipe
straight into the freezer 10 minutes
getting nice and solid
cognac
for baby from your very own eyes
Baked Alaska done